I'm not looking for advice.
I just want someone, anyone, to tell me
I'm not the first,
that I didn't imagine it. That something
else has knocked on that hatch before.
When I took the job, it felt like a
blessing. Two weeks alone on a fire
watchtower, off-rid, paid in cash.
Said I was part of a remote reactivation
program. Some of the towers hadn't been
used in years. This one needed a body to
make it active again for funding.
Fine by me. No service,
no roads, just a
drop off by helicopter and a daily
check-in by radio,
notebooks, coffee, and way too much
instant ramen. And I thought I'd be
bored.
That was the plan.
The tower itself was older than I
expected. Steel frame, probably World
War II era, 40 ft tall with a vertical
ladder that groaned when I climbed it.
At the top was a single room cabin with
wide windows on all four sides, a
trapoor entry, and a thick metal latch.
It locked from within.
The moment I stepped inside, I knew
something was off.
Not wrong exactly, just
off.
The room felt colder than outside. Even
in the afternoon sun, the air was still,
not musty or stale, just still.
Kind of still that feels intentional.
The first few days passed like I hoped.
Slow,
uneventful.
It read, wrote, watched clouds, no fire
activity, no animals,
barely any wind,
but the silence
didn't feel peaceful,
felt held.
Then the scratching started.
He was faint, inconsistent, always at
night. At first, I thought maybe it was
a bird or a squirrel testing the
supports, but it always came from the
same spot beneath the northeast corner
of the floorboards.
I crouched there with a flashlight more
than once, checked the bolts, the
framing, nothing. No gaps, no nests.
The sounds kept coming like fingernails
dragging slow spirals into the wood.
By the fourth night, I couldn't sleep.
I kept imagining it. Something under the
floorboard, tracing circles.
Then I found the first message.
It wasn't written. It was carved,
shallow, but deliberate into the
underside of the desk. Barely visible
unless you were lying on the floor like
I was.
Five lines.
Don't leave after dark.
Don't answer the ladder. Don't look at
its hands. Don't speak your name. And
whatever you do,
don't open the trap door.
My stomach turned. I I hadn't carved
that. I hadn't even touched the desk.
I stared at it for a long time, then
radioed it in. HQ told me I was probably
reading old graffiti. Said a guy
stationed here a decade ago used to
write creepy poems. I laughed it off and
reminded myself that I was a 100 miles
from the nearest person.
But that didn't explain the sixth line
that I found the next night
or how it was fresh.
It doesn't like being watched.
That was carved into the window frame.
Same jagged strokes.
I started leaving the lights on after
that. All night, every bulb, even the
flashlight. But around midnight, the
power flickered.
And then I heard it
knocking.
Four slow knocks from beneath the trap
door. Not from the ladder, not from
below, from inside the room under the
floorboards.
I didn't move. I I just
I just stared at the hatch.
The bolt was rattling gently,
not forced, just
tested.
The way someone might turn a doorork
knob to see if it's locked.
And a voice whispered my name.
Not shouted, just whispered like someone
was lying just beneath the wood, mouth
pressed to the grain, and it sounded
it sounded like me.
I stayed frozen until the first light of
dawn pushed through the windows. When I
finally moved, I found something by my
cot
in the dust.
footprints
bare human shaped but
wrong. The toes that were
backwards.
The next day, I tried to convince myself
I was dreaming. I opened all the
windows, let the wind in, took a cold
sponge bath. Anything to break the
spell.
And that's when I noticed the trees.
They were closer.
I I don't mean they felt closer. I mean
they were.
There used to be a clearing around the
tower. 50 60 ft at least. Now the pines
pressed just below the window ledge.
Needles brush the glass.
And that's when I found the photo
folded and wedged between two
floorboards near the cot.
It was black and white. It was faded,
curled with age.
It showed the tower taken from a
distance, maybe the edge of the treeine.
But something was wrong.
There was a figure standing at the top
of the tower just beneath the hatch.
Tall,
thin,
too thin.
Arms long enough to bend at the knees,
fingers that trailed below the rungs.
The face wasn't cleared. It was just a a
smudge like the film had been warped.
But in the window above,
someone was watching,
pressed to the glass, wearing my jacket.
Same hat, same patched shoulder, same
expression I'd seen in the mirror that
morning.
I turned the photo over. A single line
was written in blocky, uneven pen.
You let it out.
I locked the trap door, blocked it with
the desk. Then I locked the windows,
turned on every light, and I waited.
It didn't knock that night.
Instead, it whispered. Not my name this
time. It said, "Come back down."
like it knew that I remembered
something.
And that's when the final carving
appeared.
I found it yesterday beneath the cot
carved into the metal support frame.
You opened it
in your sleep.
I checked the hatch.
Still bolted. I checked the desk. Still
wedged.
But my nails were cracked, my hands
achd, my shirt was dirty, stained with
pine needles, and and something darker.
I haven't radioed in since. I don't
think they're listening anymore.
The clearing's gone. I'm I'm surrounded
by trees. I don't know if the chopper
will ever see me. And
across the canopy, there's another
tower.
It wasn't there before. It's taller.
It's thinner.
built of darker metal,
windows blacked out, no movement.
He said, "Last night when I saw a light
inside it, just a second, a flicker,
like a flashlight or a match, and then
something at the window pressed against
the glass watching me."
And it
it looked like me
only smiling.
[Music]
Hey there kids. It's me Mr. Creepy Pasta
and I just wanted to tell you thank you
so much for watching tonight's video or
for listening to tonight's episode of
the podcast wherever you happen to do
that. So, if it's like on YouTube, then
you're probably, you know, watching the
video. But if it's on um not, then
you're probably listening to the podcast
like with Spotify or with Apple or
something like that. But yeah, thank you
so much for uh for listening and as
always, I want to give a very big thank
you to everybody who supports me over at
Patreon. That's
patreon.com/mrcreppypasta.
I cannot thank you guys enough. Thank
you guys so much for being supporters.
That goes for everybody who was down in
the description as well as asset system
ball arms the rat lake rattler Brandon
Mendoza Rena Crow Brimstone Pimmonium
Caluna Chain Smoker Dealer Chicago
Hitman Cory Kension Cron 508 Crusader
Chocobo Curs Primark Dakota Best Dangelo
Pollson Dante Concincaid Diana Krauss
Ellie Hutmire Enchanted Buns Estamine
Gemma Hollyy Hades Nephew Kimo Jerry
Hour Minute Seconds Time Jay Kees Janice
Pep Jordan Humble King crab Mr. Marcus
Blitz, Old Penguin, Peaceful Buddha,
PsychoL, Red Shadow Cat, Remember the
Sun, Rinku Star, Salty Surprise, Samine,
Secclude, Simba's Bluddy Mojo, Sky
Harbor, Smiley Psychotic, Sully Man,
Taly Sue, The Chavez Brothers. Thank you
so much. And honestly, thank you to
everybody, even those guys that are in
there for just $1. It really helps me
out. Once again, that's
patreon.com/mrcvypasta.
Or if you guys like to just listen,
honestly, it helps me out a lot, too.
Thank you guys so much for being here.
Thank you for listening. Thank you for
watching. And sweet dreams.